# 2021-12-18

- Added the Floobham region
	- Still preliminary; none of the special behavior has been implemented, and none of the doors will open.
	- Can't move from Overworld to Floobham yet
	- Added the region factories and the regions cache to App.
- I need to look at how Floobham defines features, and consider which features can be defined on the terrain layer and which in the `objects` group.
	- Signs
		- All of these are defined as objects.
	- Chests
		- Scenery chests (i.e., chests behind vendor's counters) are on the terrain layer
		- Chests the user can open are in an object group.
	- Doors
		- It appears that doors are on the terrain layer, which is not unreasonable for doors that can't be locked.
		- Locked doors would need to be in an objects group.
	- Mannikins
		- Simple NPCs who say something if you talk to them but take no actions of their own.
		- Some of these have a "sprite" property naming the mobile tile to use.
	- NPCs
		- NPCs represented in Old George by their own classes.
		- Some of these have a "sprite" property naming the mobile tile to use.
- Terminology
	- I need to settle on "tile" or "sprite".  "tile" makes sense for terrain; less so for mobiles.
- Added ImageInfo, an interface shared by TerrainTile and TileSet.TileInfo
	- Entity now looks at ImageInfo.
- TileSet is now SpriteSet, and TileSet.TileInfo is now SpriteSet.SpriteInfo
- I could easily merge all SpriteSets into a single hashmap.
	- Do I want to do that?  Not sure.  Leave it for now.
